 WORKSHEET-1

SQL

Q1 and Q2 have one or more correct answer. Choose all the correct option to 
answer your question.

1.    Which of the following is/are DDL commands in SQL?

A) Create                                                                       
B) Update
C) Delete                                                                       
D) ALTER

Ans - Create , ALTER

2.    Which of the following is/are DML commands in SQL?

A) Update                                                                       
B) Delete
C) Select                                                                       
D) Drop

Ans - Update  , Delete

Q3 to Q10 have only one correct answer. Choose the correct option to answer 
your question.

3.    Full form of SQL is:

A) Strut querying language                                              
B) Structured Query Language
C) Simple Query Language                                              
D) None of them

Ans - Structured Query Language

4.    Full form of DDL is:

A) Descriptive Designed Language                                 
B) Data Definition Language
C) Data Descriptive Language                                         
D) None of the above.

Ans - Data Definition Language

5.    DML is:

A) Data Manipulation Language                                       
B) Data Management Language
C) Data Modeling Language                                             
D) None of these

Ans - Data Manipulation Language 

6.    Which of the following statements can be used to create a table with 
column B int type and C   float type?

A) Table A (B int, C float)                                                
B) Create A (b int, C float)
C) Create Table A (B int,C float)                                      
D) All of them

Ans - Create Table A (B int,C float)

7.    Which of the following statements can be used to add a column D (float 
type) to the table A created above?

A) Table A ( D float)                                                         
B) Alter Table A ADD COLUMN D float
C)  Table A( B int, C float, D float)                                  
D) None of them

Ans - Alter Table A ADD COLUMN D float

8.    Which of the following statements can be used to drop the column added in 
the above question?

A) Table A Drop D                                                           
B) Alter Table A Drop Column D
C) Delete D from A                                                           
D) None of them

Ans - Alter Table A Drop Column D

9.    Which of the following statements can be used to change the data type 
(from float to int ) of the column D of
table A created in above questions?

A) Table A (D float int)                                                    
B) Alter Table A  Alter Column D int
C) Alter Table A D float int                                              
D) Alter table A Column D float to int

Ans - Alter Table A  Alter Column D int

10.  Suppose we want to make Column B of Table A as primary key of the table. 
By which of the following
statements we can do it?

A) Alter Table A Add Constraint Primary Key B             
B) Alter table (B primary key)
C) Alter Table A Add Primary key B                                
D) None of them

Ans - Alter Table A Add Constraint Primary Key B 

Q11 to Q15 are subjective answer type questions, Answer them briefly.

11.  What is data-warehouse?

Ans - A data warehouse is a large collection of user data which is used to help an organization to make decisions.

12.  What is the difference between OLTP VS OLAP?

Ans - OLTP -> Online transaction processing, The primary objective is data processing and not data analysis

     OLAP -> Online Analytical Processing, The primary objective is data analysis and not data processing.

13.  What are the various characteristics of data-warehouse?

ANs - There are three main characteristics of data warehouse
      
      1) Integrated: The way data is extracted and transformed is uniform, regardless of the original source.

      2) Time-variant: Data is organized via time-periods (weekly, monthly, annually, etc.)

      3) Non-volatile: A data warehouse is not updated in real-time.


14.  What is Star-Schema?

Ans - In data warehousing, a star schema is the simplest form of a dimensional model, in which data is organized into facts and dimensions

15.  What do you mean by SETL?

Ans - SETL is a high-level programming language that's based on the mathematical theory of sets.

